This release adds the ability to submit a JLRDA purchase transaction from the
IGNIS Token Sale page even before the sell offer has been published. Such
transactions are not broadcasted immediately, but held in memory and only
sent out when the expected sell offer arrives in the unconfirmed transaction
pool. For this to work, you must keep the node running after submitting the
purchase transaction, until the sell offer has been received and processed.

Note that after submitting a purchase transaction in advance of the sell
offer, you will get a pop-up that your currency buy order has been submitted,
but it will not show in the unconfirmed pool. This is normal as such advance
orders are kept separately.

This functionality is currently available for full nodes only, i.e. those
that have downloaded the full blockchain. Users of light clients can submit
JLRDA purchase transactions only after the sell offer has been accepted in a
block. To switch from a light client to full node, set nxt.isLightClient=false
in conf/nxt.properties, and wait for the blockchain to download.


More IGNIS Token Sale UI bugfixes and improvements:

Add paging buttons to the exchange history table on the Ignis page.

Initialize the JLRDA units field to 0.

Fixed "calculate fee" when connecting to a remote node with remembered
passphrase.

Implemented TransactionScheduler, added ScheduleCurrencyBuy and
GetScheduledTransactions APIs.

ScheduleCurrencyBuy API accepts same parameters as CurrencyBuy API, and an
additional offerIssuer parameter. Instead of broadcasting the prepared
transaction immediately, it schedules it to be broadcast as soon as an
unconfirmed currency exchange offer transaction from that issuer, for that
currency and a sell rate not higher than the requested, arrives in the
unconfirmed transaction pool. The broadcast parameter must be set to false.
This API requires a full node (not a light client) and admin password unless
running on localhost.

GetScheduledTransactions API returns a list of all scheduled transactions for
a given account.

Note that these APIs were specifically added for the purpose of the IGNIS
Token Sale, and may be removed or modified in the future.


Other fixes and improvements:

Allow blacklisting the real remote host, not the proxy, when running a public
node behind a reverse proxy. Use the nxt.forwardedForHeader property to
configure the header added by the proxy to the API http requests (normally
X-Forwarded-For).

Fixed printing of paper wallet for passphrases containing special characters.

WARNING: If you printed out a paper wallet for an account passphrase which
contains special characters using an earlier release, this passphrase may have
been printed out incorrectly, with those characters missing, or truncated. In
this case you are advised to print out a correct copy using this version. The
QR codes were not affected by this bug, and neither were the standard account
passphrases generated by the client.

Also note that some long passphrases may be cut off by your printer unless
page size is adjusted to width.

ALWAYS VERIFY THAT THE PRINTED PASSPHRASE IS CORRECT BEFORE RELYING ON A PAPER
WALLET AS YOUR ONLY BACKUP!

